hi welcome to the board shop taste up
for review today meaning of the Pooh
cassis
the resin tank is the latest production
wolfram and as the roms French guy
based out of the allotted factory this
Bastian cranking out some awesome shapes
69er and you'll be familiar with and the
resin cake is a kind of direct
derivative of that board 69s style tail
with a wider thicker front half of the
board kind of a Grovner
but like a Grove the deluxe if you like
you've got the problem characteristics
that make having fashioned wings easy
the extra volume with the width of the
front off with a pulled in tail sounds
and quad gives you more maneuverability
and makes the board a bit more user
friendly when you get there hold decent
set or steeper sections of the way the
board itself has a double concave stop
your back here and running right through
the fins into the tail there's a nobly
they're up and spine and what that's
fine gives you this kind of extra squirt
a viewbot every helps take care of flats
or fatter sections of the way it gives
you the speed to maintain this for a new
ability down the line it's a great board
but working everything from like knee
high proper groveling like to type
conditions to good head hard waves that
sail gives you that extra width hole
that you need the rails the rails pretty
pretty hard it softens the sauce here
and then hardens up just where the color
changes there it gives you a bit more
bite you can set this board right around
because these characteristics and it
does some releasing to turn this Paddy's
a lot easy that most
so this fourth can be served by pretty
much anybody and someone who's coming
off a softball or something
first of all go a little bit bigger nice
wide thick floaty board capturing ways
for someone who's a competent surfer
this is a great addition to the bottom
end range aquiver takes care of all
those smaller prapya days there's still
guarantees fun of a smiley face the
resin cake you can customize your board
a board shop will take any orders from
unit dimensions different thin setup you
can take the wall to exactly what you
want
also don't forget you can trade in any
on board we don't mind what it means
we'll set absolutely anything you can
use it against in your resume for any of
the world that we do there is the resin
tank guaranteed to put a smile on your
face lots of fun surfing a groveler with
a little bit of edit and an extra value
suitable for pretty much anybody who
serves a worsted everything from proper
groveling and court snappers all the
world's peace of head high waves thanks
for watching
you